# Reflection

Respond to each of the questions below with a carefully thought out reflection on the assignment.

## Question 1
### In this assignment, we used your user input to construct a small website composed of flipping cards. Can you think of a more interesting use for this basic layout? The use you describe should serve some pedagogical or research-oriented purpose for historians or humanists.

The first thing I thought of when looking at the website was the pastime I and I’m sure many others have enjoyed of going on Wikipedia and following the network of links to articles within articles. Each succeeding article would add some context to its preceding one, allowing historians and casual perusing individuals to have a clearer and more enriched understanding of the content they’re concerned with. A website such as this one in the form of a database would be excellent for establishing a similar network of information, albeit more simplified and contained. This could both allow a historian to interconnect primary and secondary historical resources in a more dynamic and meaningful way. Previously, historical textbooks would often cite to one page of the book or another when its context mattered or would cite external sources which made enriching one’s knowledge of a subject a heftier investment. With a website format such as this, you would remove that need to juggle multiple physical copies, making one’s research into a topic far more time efficient.


## Question 2
### This assignment asks you all to perform a certian amount of work (describing yourselves) in order to improve a project (the course roster website). What responsibilities does the "researcher" (in this case, your teacher) have to the participants (you)? What rights do or should the participants have to the end product? 

The core responsibility of a researcher in the participation of individuals in a project such as this one is for it to be worthwhile. Typically, outside of an academic environment, participants in a project or experiment are compensated with payment. In an academic environment however, the exchange is a little more nuanced. Our participation is being evaluated, not compensated, and so how effectively we participate (following the instructions correctly, completing this reflection), determines whether the project was worthwhile. As such, in an academic environment the teacher’s responsibility to the students is to ensure no external factors, including themselves, will be determinants in where or not the student is well evaluated or not. The exchange, so to speak, must be as direct and simplified as possible. Moreover, in regard to the rights of a participant to a project, generally speaking depending on how critical their particular participation was determines, in my opinion, how much involvement with the project after their participation is concluded they’re entitled to. Actors are entitled to their footage in a film for their portfolio, and in this regard, participants should be entitled to use the website if it can somehow benefit them.


## Question 3
### Information in each student record was provided as a series of "fields", that is, discrete units of information separated from each other. In the use you describe above, what fields would you need to provide for each record? Can you think of any limitations or obstacles that the use of this kind of data structure imposes on your project?

It ultimately depends on the scale of each record. Records on a nation for example would be dealing with historical information which deals with large scale issues (demographics, trade, leadership, etc.). More focused records, such as an individual person or historical artifact would deal with more immediate and small-scale information (Date or origin, position/function, location of discovery or residence). If one were to make a network of record cards, they could easily interlink them in a way that connected a singular historical object or person to increasingly larger scale records on events, places, time periods and issues. The biggest limitation with this data structure is the restriction of information in each individual card. A limited word count means that some information would have to be omitted or dealt with in a different card, meaning either an overabundance of record cards to navigate, or a severe lacking in information and context.